Update README.md (#73)
InPreD/PRONTO: README.md

> 		```

Reviewer: I am wondering should we just install everything with `pip` using the `requirements.txt` file. Would be more consistent and only one command. Also it would be the same versions so there is no problems down the line with changing APIs. The command would be:

```bash
sudo pip install -r requirements.txt
```

what do you think?

Author: Yes, I agree. I will update the information related.

		sudo python setup.py install
		```
4. Module pdf2image is needed for getting CNV overview plots from TSOPPI results to report:
   	- To install module pdf2image, run the command:
	 
		```
		sudo pip3 install pdf2image
		```

> <br />

Reviewer: is this to get a wider space between the sections?

Author: Emm, yes I think so. But they are going to be replaced by using the requirements.txt file.

Reviewer: `<br />` will be replaced by the `requirements.txt` file? I am not sure I understand

## Repository contents

| INPUT file name: | Details: |
|:---|:---|
| `Script/PRONTO.py`   | The executable python script.|

> | `pronto/pronto.py`   | The glob function configurable and check for different types of small variant tables.|

Reviewer: maybe we can make it less specific like so:

```suggestion
| `pronto/pronto.py`   | PRONTO module containing auxiliary functions |
```

Manually write the clinical data into file `In/InPreD_PRONTO_metadata.txt`. Reports will be generated for the `Sample_id` for which the `Create_report` value is set to `Y` in this file.

### Load local pronto module:

> Load pronto module to make python could find it in local env:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Load pronto module into local env to allow python to find it:
```

## ChangeLog

### v2.1.2
- New Features:
  	[ #68](https://github.com/InPreD/PRONTO/pull/68)
- Resolved Isses:
  	[ #71](https://github.com/InPreD/PRONTO/issues/71)
  	[ #72](https://github.com/InPreD/PRONTO/pull/72)

### v2.0.1
- New Features: (TODO: fill in)
- Resolved Isses:
  	Bug fix reported from OUS (https://github.com/InPreD/PRONTO/commit/e34fe6a70d20c60503207ddd13319950312dd02b)

### v2.0.0
- New Features:
  	[ #53](https://github.com/InPreD/PRONTO/pull/53)
  	[ #55](https://github.com/InPreD/PRONTO/pull/55)
  	[ #56](https://github.com/InPreD/PRONTO/pull/56)
  	[ #60](https://github.com/InPreD/PRONTO/pull/60)
  	[ #61](https://github.com/InPreD/PRONTO/pull/61)
- Resolved Issues:
  	[ #48](https://github.com/InPreD/PRONTO/pull/48)
  	[ #50](https://github.com/InPreD/PRONTO/pull/50)
  	[ #63](https://github.com/InPreD/PRONTO/pull/63)
  	[ #67](https://github.com/InPreD/PRONTO/pull/67)

### v1.3.0

> - New Features: Developments from Martin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New Features: Developed by Martin.
```
